So how long have
you been in Wanchu River?
My whole life.
I've never seen you around before.
Yeah, this is just a temporary layover
for my grandpa's funeral.
And so my mom's janky fiancee
turned it into a
de facto engagement party.
Yeah, he announced their wedding date.
Wow.
That's different.
Oh yeah, if you knew my mom,
that's actually pretty on brand for her.
Is your dad in the picture?
Yeah, he was a free spirit.
Defender of hopeless causes.
When they split, he went to Brazil.
He was trying to save the rainforest.
But my mom grew up
here, that old house on the hill.
Wait, the ghost house?
Is your mom Lydia Deetz?
Unfortunately.
She's a legend.
Well yeah, if you
believe in supernatural bullshit.
You don't?
No.
I only believe in
things that I could see.